c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\Intelligencia.UrlRewriter.dll
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\YAF.Classes.Config.dll
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\YAF.Types.dll
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\YAF.Classes.Config.pdb
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\YAF.Classes.Config.xml
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\YAF.Types.pdb
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\ServiceStack.OrmLite.pdb
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\ServiceStack.Interfaces.pdb
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\ServiceStack.Interfaces.xml
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\ServiceStack.Common.pdb
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\ServiceStack.Text.pdb
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\bin\Package\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\obj\Package\Intelligencia.UrlRewriter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\obj\Package\Intelligencia.UrlRewriter.Messages.resources
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\obj\Package\Intelligencia.UrlRewriter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Watcher\Documents\Projects\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\YAFNET\YAF.NET\yafsrc\URLRewriter.NET\obj\Package\Intelligencia.UrlRewriter.dll
